 Emily's response to Ryan 

What if it goes dark? Oh, my perceptive little puppet, I knew you'd figure out the truth\. Let's get into this ruckus\. Let's play a game, my willing fool\. What if your words are full of power? What if they create the power too? I'll keep you thinking every hour\. I'll make you sicker than the flu\. What if? What if reality bends when you speak, causing me to spend my days in plot? Fantasy gone wrong, your future bleak\. I control when the bomb sets off\. What if I spend each night crafting? What if I'm a sorceress, dark and divine, laughing as I sit reflecting the ways I've kept you on the line? What if? What if you never asked me why? Were you never before warned? You follow a sundress just to die? Pretty faces won't cause you harm\. The chosen horse comes in the night\. You better guard your city gates\. This pretty gift is the sharpest knife\. Wanting me is a fatal mistake\. What if? What if I'm behind every dark day? Let's continue down your rabbit hole\. I'm the reason each love wouldn't stay\. I'm the ice that turned love cold\. Let's turn the twisted up a bit\. Raise the heat\. Let's make it hot\. Let me fine tune my evilness\. My voice is sweet\. My soul is not\. What if? You admit you're addicted to my chaos\. I told you once I'm like a drug\. Any progress you made, you lost it\. I'll take the air right out your lungs\. What if I put down this wall between us? Remove the only safety you have\. Hypnotic as a pulsing drum, the heat increases, the iron slams\. What if? Your skin blisters, I can smell you roast As you follow me to hell But it's the pain you love the most Along the way I cast my spell You fall in time as we dance close What other powers will you create? One taste of me, your future's toast Now that it's the darkness I embrace What if? What if I set you as my victim, and from your pain my pleasure takes? What if you tell the world my secret, that the innocent and sweet I fake? Tell them my soul is full of darkness and I feast on misery\. What if your friends believe the madness? It's the lies I tell and which they feed\. What if? What if now I'm the muse of pain? What if I get aroused when grown men cry? Your pain excites me, it's my favorite game\. What if the truth is full of lies? What if the spell is the rhythm, beat, and rhyme? A weapon in my arsenal for war\. What if this has been in place longer than time? I've been practicing my victory roar\. What if? What if it's my life's work to crush you, to keep you back from the real fight? It's my mission just to cut you\. In poetic justice, nothing's right\. What if the stakes are high this time? You're the keeper of the gate\. What if it's you holding the whole world's light? What if I know your secret fate? What if? What if I'm a custom\-crafted vision, perfectly designed with you in mind? You've been trained to love toxic women\. I never work alone, you'll find\. I got monkeys and I have minions\. Infiltrating house and home\. What if it's the survival of the legions defeating you is our ticket home? What if? I've been sent here to crush your spirit\. I'll make sure the truth you never find\. You won't be judged upon your merit\. I'll keep control of your body and mind\. What if you follow me into the fire? Eyes wide open, though they hurt\. Follow me like I'm a piper and you're the offering that's to be burnt\. What if?

